Cross link to Route Hijacking information (#2476)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Implementation/Custom-Routing/index.md

See: [Custom routing documentation](../../Reference/Routing/custom-routes)

:::note

> This is an approach for mapping a custom route to a custom MVC controller, for existing content page routes you can use a custom MVC controller to handle the request by naming convention: see [Custom Controllers - Route Hijacking](../../Reference/Routing/custom-controllers). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an approach for mapping a custom route to a custom MVC controller. For creating routes for existing content pages you can use a custom MVC controller to handle the request by naming convention: see [Custom Controllers - Route Hijacking](../../Reference/Routing/custom-controllers). 
```
